readme.md, before:

# django mongoadmin

This a drop in replacement for the django admin that works with monodb. It uses the django admin stuff wherever possible and can be used together with normal django models and a SQL database.

## Requirements

 * Django >= 1.3
 * [mongoengine](http://mongoengine.org/)
 * [django-mongodbforms](https://github.com/jschrewe/django-mongodbforms)

## Usage

Add mongoadmin to `INSTALLED_APPS` settings

	INSTALLED_APPS = (
		...
    	'mongoadmin',
    	'django.contrib.admin',
		...
	)

Add mongoadmin to `urls.py`

	from django.contrib import admin
	admin.autodiscover()

	from mongoadmin import site

	urlpatterns = patterns('',
    	# Uncomment the next line to enable the admin:
    	url(r'^admin/', include(site.urls)),
	)

The `admin.py` for your app needs to use mongoadmin instead of django's admin:

	from mongoadmin import site, DocumentAdmin

	from app.models import AppDocument
	
	class AppDocumentAdmin(DocumentAdmin):
	    pass
	site.register(AppDocument, AppDocumentAdmin)
	
Now the document should appear as usual in django's admin.

## What works and doesn't work

django-mongoadmin currently only supports the most basic things and even they are not really tested.

Commit message:

Added decription of MONGOADMIN_OVERRIDE_ADMIN to readme.

readme.md, after:

# django mongoadmin

This a drop in replacement for the django admin that works with monodb. It uses the django admin stuff wherever possible and can be used together with normal django models and a SQL database.

## Requirements

 * Django >= 1.3
 * [mongoengine](http://mongoengine.org/)
 * [django-mongodbforms](https://github.com/jschrewe/django-mongodbforms)

## Usage

Add mongoadmin to `INSTALLED_APPS` settings

	INSTALLED_APPS = (
		...
    	'mongoadmin',
    	'django.contrib.admin',
		...
	)

Add mongoadmin to `urls.py`

	from django.contrib import admin
	admin.autodiscover()

	from mongoadmin import site

	urlpatterns = patterns('',
    	# Uncomment the next line to enable the admin:
    	url(r'^admin/', include(site.urls)),
	)

The `admin.py` for your app needs to use mongoadmin instead of django's admin:

	from mongoadmin import site, DocumentAdmin

	from app.models import AppDocument
	
	class AppDocumentAdmin(DocumentAdmin):
	    pass
	site.register(AppDocument, AppDocumentAdmin)
	
Now the document should appear as usual in django's admin.

### Using third party apps with mongoadmin

To use third party apps (i.e. apps that register their admin classes in django.contrib.admin.site) with mongoadmin you have to add `MONGOADMIN_OVERRIDE_ADMIN = True` to your settings file. This overrides the django admin site with mongoadmin's admin site.

## What works and doesn't work

django-mongoadmin currently only supports the most basic things and even they are not really tested.
